README.md, before:

# Build a Google search results page

![Google results image](https://s3.amazonaws.com/images.seroundtable.com/google-without-titles-1430396488.png)

> The difficult version _with main focus on page looking_

### Table of Contents

- [Description](#description)
- [Technologies](#technologies)
- [License](#license) 
- [Author Info](#author-info)

---

## Description

This project can be found in [TheOdinProject.com](https://www.theodinproject.com/courses/web-development-101/lessons/html-css) and its difficult level will force me into being more organized, research deeper and apply some new techniques in order to achieve the expected page looking. More will be said as it progresses. 

#### Technologies 

- Html 
- Css 
- Git/Github
- Markdown
- Visual Studio
- Chrome Dev Tools
- Stack-OverFlow

---

[Back to the top](#build-a-Google-search-results-page)

## License

Copyright (c) [2018] [Helio Goncalves]

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

[Back to the top](#build-a-Google-search-results-page)

---

## Author Info

- GitHub - [github.com/srlhyo](https://github.com/srlhyo)
- LinkedIn - [Helio Goncalves](https://www.linkedin.com/in/helio-goncalves/)

[Back to the top](#build-a-Google-search-results-page)

Commit message:

I have worked on Description Section, in README.md

README.md, after:

# Build a Google search results page

![Google results image](https://s3.amazonaws.com/images.seroundtable.com/google-without-titles-1430396488.png)

> The difficult version _with main focus on page looking_

### Table of Contents

- [Description](#description)
- [Technologies](#technologies)
- [License](#license) 
- [Author Info](#author-info)

---

## Description

This project can be found in [TheOdinProject.com](https://www.theodinproject.com/courses/web-development-101/lessons/html-css). Its difficult level has forced me into being more organized, research deeper and apply some new techniques and features in order to achieve the expected page looking. 

This time the markup has a particular focus on precisely describing what the content is, by using html5 tags such as `<section>`, `<head>`, `<article>` and `<main>`. Their use, for instance, help the engine search bots to go through the content and understand what bits of information they should retrive (depending what is the user searching for). Another great advantage that comes with writing semantic markup is that browsers and screen readers can easily render the pages as they meant to be.

Also, this time, I took extra care with my "_html_" and "_css_" files making sure that there weren't repeating lines of code throught. I have implemented the so-called D.R.Y (Don't Reapt Yourself) technique. Plus, I used  porper indentation and meaningful comments to improve code readability, and understanding, for when my "future" self or other developers are refering to it. 

Very important too is to highlight the fact that consulting documentation such as **MDN** - Modzilla Developer Networking, **CSS-tricks** and **Stack-Overflow** not only has helped me finding the solutions to problems I'd encounter along the building process, but it also has enabled me to have more control over the layout and the elements that make up the page, and have reached the desirable looking. _Box-Shadow, _Tool-tips_, _:Before_ and _:After_ are some of the many properties I have come to know and master in the end of the project. 

To conclude. I have truly enjoyed my trip to _Google-results-project_. I went with an empty bag and cameback with it full. Being better at searching for solutions, naming and using classes (including pseudo elements/classes), controlling page layout and design (with _flex-box_ or _position_, for instance) or using comments are some of the experiences and tools that are now inside my bag to be used for future projects. See you next time!  
#### Technologies 

- Html 
- Css 
- Command line (WLS and Cmd)
- Git/Github
- Markdown
- Visual Studio
- Chrome Dev Tools
- Stack-OverFlow
- Modzilla Developer Network

---

[Back to the top](#build-a-Google-search-results-page)

## License

Copyright (c) [2018] [Helio Goncalves]

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

[Back to the top](#build-a-Google-search-results-page)

---

## Author Info

- GitHub - [github.com/srlhyo](https://github.com/srlhyo)
- LinkedIn - [Helio Goncalves](https://www.linkedin.com/in/helio-goncalves/)

[Back to the top](#build-a-Google-search-results-page)
